An E-rank hunter volunteered
to be a porter in an A-rank dungeon.
He doesn't have multiple lives to waste.
What is he thinking?
Come to think of it,
I saw him yesterday standing in front of
the BOSS room, seemingly with a weapon.
He's suspicious.
- I'm going in to take a look.
- Eh?
Anything happened inside?
No. Just personal business.
There's no need to worry.
Ah.
Sorry. Could I borrow a weapon?
Eh?
Hmm...
Well...
Anything besides this?
Like swords or spears?
We don't have that kind of stuff here.
Otherwise it's just
iron shovel or crowbar.
Then never mind.
I'll just go in.
Hunter Cha. Are you sure
you'll go in empty-handed?
This is better than going in unarmed.
Then I'm going.
So many of them.
If these High Orcs were to go outside...
They could easily
raze cities to the ground.
Especially those four.
Compared with the others,
their aura is completely different.
Our mission is to close the gate.
We must defeat the dungeon BOSS here.
Humans.
Are you fearing me?
How could it be...
It possesses tremendous magic power.
Compared to that thing,
I'm simply a third-rate Mage.
Why... Why did you bring us here?
You are the entertainment.
Eh?
I want to kill you off one by one,
torment, and devour you
to entertain my soldiers.
Entertainment?
Our resolve is merely entertainment to it.
To them, our lives
are just toys to be discarded?
Oh.
Among those humans
sneaked in something strange.
But that's fun.
Everyone, attack!
Hymn of Protection.
Fools.
Gravitation Magic.
Gravity Acceleration.
Captain!
Kihoon.
Captain Son.
This dungeon belonged to Hunters.
So I'm not supposed to interfere.
But, now the entire assault team
is in danger.
I only ask you one thing.
Can you leave all
the magic beasts here to me?
Please...
How arrogant.
I know your strength.
Indeed.
It's my first time
feeling such a strong presence.
Of course.
It's just a pity that
we are naturally opposed.
Of course.
I will defeat you.
Hm?
Surveillance Department?
What's Surveillance Department doing here?
How would I know?
Someone needs to call the leader over.
Why does he work as a miner here?
And for two consecutive days?
May I ask what brings you here?
Do you know where Hunter Sung Jinwoo is?
Sung?
I knew it.
Something is wrong with that guy.
He stared at me with those scary looks.
I thought he was about to kill me.
So where is Hunter Sung?
He's in the gate now.
The assault team had no porters,
so he went in to help.
- Porter?
- Yes.
- A porter after a miner?
- That must be an excuse.
That guy must be up to something.
- After becoming an S-rank Hunter,
- Maybe he's killed
- everything he does
- someone inside.
- is under surveillance.
- He's the kind that could kill
without batting an eye.
I wish he would be conscious
of his actions.
- Um, may I ask...
- He must have killed people before.
Watch the news tomorrow.
You should understand then.
News?
- But just now, Hunter Cha
- Who cares about the darn news?
- asked the same question as you.
- Just arrest him!
Hunter Cha?
What was that strange aura?
I thought I was going to be torn apart.
Do the magic power test again.
Yes!
I need to hurry up.
I don't know how Kihoon's team
managed to kill so many High Orcs.
But if that power just now
came from the Dungeon Boss,
they would be in mortal danger.
Confronting my army
with your meager force.
How naive.
You'll regret underestimating us.
Activate skill: Monarch's Domain.
This is a new job skill I learned
after reaching level 70 in Demon's Castle.
The Shadow Soldiers became stronger
after the battle at Demon's Castle.
What is going on?
Unbelievable.
I can only summon two at most.
Such ominous magic power from a human...
Go.
That move he just did...
He's just like Vice Master...
Why would someone so strong
come here to work as a porter?
The infantry's strength is about
that of B-rank hunters.
Soldiers suffer destruction four
to five times to kill one High Orc.
I must reduce the number of orcs.
Hymn of the Fire Dragon.
Your soldiers are useless.
Don't be too arrogant.
Say that to yourself.
These soldiers can resurrect infinitely.
Hymn of Protection.
Accelerate.
Gravity Acceleration.
Gravitation Magic.
Accelerate.
Then,
I will keep destroying them
before your magic power runs out,
until they are completely eradicated.
Hymn of the Blazing Fire.
Does it intend to keep me at bay with its
formidable magic power
and long-range large area spells?
Alright.
I am eager to see how long you can last.
The results are out!
The strength of this A-rank gate
is extremely close to that of S-rank gate.
A mistake in detection of magic power?
Contact the Master of Hunters.
We will get ready
to support the assault team inside.
Yes... Yes.
It seems
both in number and strength,
my soldiers surpass yours.
MP Your magic power
will run out sooner or later.
Sooner or later?
What nonsense is that?
The true skill of necromancer
begins only now.
Arise.
Hm?
You turned my soldiers into the undead...
Before long, you too
will become my shadow.
Of course,
you too.
Could it be that
he is
the lord...
In that case,
then why am I...
Why am I here?
When I opened my eyes here,
the same command kept echoing in my mind.
Hunt humans.
The reason isn't important.
Just obey the command.
Go.
Eliminate those who stand in the way
and bring their corpses before me.
Equivalent to S-rank gate?
If the original
detection results were right,
Hunter Son Kihoon should
have been able to conquer it.
This was completely unexpected.
If the gate has Dungeon Break,
the Jeju Island incident
will happen again.
Fortunately, we still have time.
Mobilize all
of Hunters' forces to that gate.
An emergency assembly has been issued
to all A-rank and above hunters.
In the worst-case scenario,
maybe we'll have to ask White Tiger Guild
and Fiend Guild for support.
But then...
We can only do our best
to prevent it from worsening.
My generals are gaining the upper hand.
How can this be?
- Let's go help them.
- Yeah.
Hymn of Agony, Hymn of Blindness.
Audiences aren't allowed on stage.
I will make sure that your arrogant mouth
can never make a sound again.
Hymn of Slumber, Hymn of Lethargy.
Hymn of Blindness.
What?
It's a pity.
Poison and curses have no effect on me.
Hymn of Protection.
I will shatter your annoying shield.
What is going on?
Did he summon
such a large group of soldiers?
Vice Master.
Why are you here?
How is he? The captain is fine.
That's good.
What's the situation now?
To be honest, we're not too sure either...
Quite capable, aren't you?
Hymn of Rage,
Hymn of Strengthening, Hymn of Giants.
I will crush you like a bug.
Heck.
I don't like giants.
I have bad memories of them.
Hymn of the Fire Dragon.
Do you still think
you can go up against me?
Hmm.
Growing in size only makes you
a more obvious target.
How could a Mage without guards
withstand an assassin-type
hunter's attack?
Hymn of the Blazing Fire.
As expected, the dagger
couldn't inflict damage.
So...
Chief Woo.
Is everyone okay?
I felt a strong magic power outside.
So I came in to support the assault team.
But it seems that was unnecessary.
Even the chief
of the surveillance department...
He must be a top-tier Fighter.
But he can even use summoning magic.
This is the power of Hunter Sung.
Who is he?
You know him, right?
Only a little.
I don't know much.
From the moment the Mage lost his guards,
the outcome was already decided.
My body...
My body will not be destroyed.
Absolutely not!
The BOSS was defeated,
but it doesn't feel right
to take all the items.
However, Shadow Extraction should be fine.
Arise.
You are much more docile
after turning into a shadow.
Name?
What was its name again?
Something like Kar...
Sorry, I forgot.
I'll just pick one for you.
Kiba.
Your name will be Kiba.
Elite Knight Rank.
I've never seen that rank before.
The shadow extracted from an A-rank
Dungeon BOSS is amazing.
These High Orcs are also a major gain.
Hunter Sung Jinwoo.
Chief Woo!
I was so engrossed in extracting
that I didn't even notice him.
Mr. Sung.
Mr. Porter.
What happened just now?
Um...
How should I explain this?
We are from the Surveillance Team
in Hunter's Association.
Hunter Sung Jinwoo,
who is in front of you,
is our Association's top secret.
We ask everyone present
to keep today's events confidential.
We will escort you out.
This is the best way to avoid trouble.
Hunter Sung
has displayed the power
of an S-rank hunter to protect all of you.
Please cooperate, so he can leave safely.
Please wait.
You possess such immense power.
I think you must have your own reasons.
I won't ask why you took
on the role of Porter.
But,
only because of you,
we were able to survive.
On behalf of my team,
I express my gratitude.
Ah, right.
Here's your will.
Huh?
Then, let's get going.
- Ah...
- Vice Master.
Yes?
- Why are you holding a pickaxe?
- Huh?
Would he think I'm weird?
Who are you referring to?
Ah... no one...
I'm not referring to anyone.
Fortunately, everyone came back safely.
Having said that,
following the White Tiger Guild,
we also received his help.
He can summon a large number of soldiers.
His speed rivals that
of an assassin-type hunter.
He even has the ability
to control dead magic beasts.
It's really hard to believe.
Hunter Son,
between Hunter Sung Jinwoo and me,
who do you think is stronger?
Raid missions are usually handled
by multiple hunters doing their part,
complementing each other's weaknesses.
That's the common sense.
Master, if you're facing
the most difficult A-rank dungeon,
could you deal with it alone?
No.
It seems that my title
of The Ultimate Hunter has become a joke.
Master.
I understand.
Please make sure to...
I will do my best.
Jinwoo.
Sorry, I'm late.
The matter of the guild master,
how did it go?
You must have talked to your dad about it.
Jinwoo.
To be honest, that thing...
We're right outside
the Hunter's Association now.
That's really nice.
Actor Lee Minsung has awakened
the power of a hunter recently.
These people
must have come to interview me.
Lee Minsung, the man who has it all,
now possesses strength that
surpasses human capabilities?
Well...
Doesn't feel bad.